gentlemen we having a little party you
guys even real cops you look like kids
on Halloween hey you want me to beat
your dick off
you want to beat my dick off I'll beat
your dick off with both hands let's go
that's weird man hey may I think what he
was trying to say was he's gonna punch
you so many times around the genital
area that your dicks just gonna fall off
is that clarify the threat why do you
have salt in you that's actual drugs
[Music]
the department was forced to drop the
charges because you forgot to read him
his Miranda rights do you even know the
Miranda rights look at obviously starts
with you have the right to remain silent
and then do you have the right to remain
an attorney you say you have the right
to be an attorney you do have the right
to be an attorney if you want to
reviving a cancelled undercover police
program from the eighties you idiots are
officially transferred I know what
you're thinking
angry black cap it ain't none but a
stupid stereotype guess what mother boss
I'm black sometimes I get angry so suck
a dick captain sassy be going in that's
undercover high school students number
one Jump Street do not get expend
calling the nerve I'm sorry oh what the
hell are you serious yes music oh nobody
comes okay no I didn't really
insensitive I didn't punch him because
he's gay I punched him and then he's
happened to turn out to be gay
afterwards I was there with you punch me
one more black gay kid getting punched
in the face away from a nervous
breakdown do I make myself clear let's
do this which one he was done
let's do that again then pretend you
guys aren't weird which one of you is
named Doug not to Tom Brad okay good so
that means your name is Doug son yeah
Doug now we have the wrong idea dumbass
I faked my way through band practice and
AB chemistry AP chemistry no you can't
you even know what it's actually
called there's a no synthetic drug this
Sagan huh the mission is finest so puck
I think the dealers are the popular kids
hey guys are narcs are you oh come on
Ark you know cause people narcs narcs
first of all I like your argument kind
of just collapsed on itself because if
you would call us narcs narcs call
people in our cause and you call us
narcs and that's kind of you're calling
yourself an art phone you guys want to
do this yes yeah take it here so I know
you're cool
[Music]
don't blow on me son
don't make me take you to the
principal's office I don't like that
what are you doing put your tongue back
in your mouth
[Music]
one particle about a team has a nuclear
reaction with the flux capacitor carry
the two changing its atomic ISOTONER
into a radioactive spider you
science we stayed up all night making
this it's awesome you're really gonna
like it all right captain the dealers
are the popular kids this chart looks
like are you autistic it is
artistic sir I don't know whom to supply
we don't know that's why there's a
question mark on his face it's not the
way his face looks are you - throwing
apart any of my office call giving
alcohol to minors you'll find myself
with a snorkel duct tape today mouth and
me down that's normal it's extremely
vivid thank you
no you really are and you're really
study and saw some but I got two people
right now
you think I'm high
Oh
oh when I get stabbed it's awesome
yeah so let me get this straight
you fell in with the cool kids and yo
ass fell in with the smart kids
these drugs are up these kids
more than I thought
[Music]